[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down some dubs today we're breaking down
a film about her mother of a school
shooter and how she deals with the
aftermath of the event I want to find
out what it's like for Eva after the
crazy events that happened stay tuned
for a breakdown with a big black I mean
BBC opening and then we see a close-up
on some open blondes then we transition
to an introvert worst nightmare
there's like some big food orgy lots and
lots of tomato play obviously though
this scene is a representation of
something next we see a woman who
obviously ain't having a good satisfying
life right now she goes outside to find
this scene her house has been vandalized
then it cuts to a close-up on a little
girl playing pirate and the mommy Eva
goes for a kiss but no actually she's
drowning herself off yeah oh we cut back
to the past and we see the titular
character Kevin but I wouldn't be mad if
you call him Barry Allen back in the
prison even gets ready for a job
interview and it seems she is well known
by everybody then back in the past we
seen a woman's old job and she leaves
the job at a distraught state as we hear
police sirens then back in the prison
she gets the job just by how the
negatively popular she is then after
leaving some random woman slap sir
somebody sees this happening but Eva
let's go back in the past even makes it
to a promising alone with the parents
then back in the present she notices red
marks on her face all her attempts to
think of better times are drowned out by
the police honors do more flashbacks we
see that a massacre is taking place and
then the woman goes to some penitentiary
she's been here before and then we see
she is waiting on her son Kevin who has
a habit of biting his nails and hoe to
get in look at that it cuts to her
giving birth with an unhappy face then
she is trying to fix her vandalized
houses neighbors live on he tries to
connect with her new baby Kevin but he
cries whenever he is near although when
it comes to the father the baby
absolutely loves him back in the present
Eva seems to run into someone at the
grocery store in HEIs she runs away with
the entire broken crate of eggs just to
get away and even eat the eggs with
those shells all in it back in the past
who see Kevin is a pretty quiet and
unenjoyable child he won't speak smile
or have any fun Eva takes them to a
doctor but the doc says nothing is
therefore once he finally begins to play
with IVA but just him doing things on
his own volition
well Halloween night back into prison
some Halloween is high so even then we
see that Eva's disconnection with Kevin
leads to disconnection between the
husband on a lunch break in a prison
even gets caught by a wheelchair guy we
see he had been shot in the massacre
back in the past
Kevin catches Eva giving the father a
blow job he starts exhibiting the
symptoms of some personality disorder
and an obvious dislike for Eva at a
young age then Eva finds that Kevin has
vandalized her working room although
Kevin consoles and plays innocent in the
presence of the father
Kevin is very annoying to Eva and a
little too big for diapers as well he
shits on himself she faces it then he
sits on himself immediately after which
angers her coffee on the throne
which breaks his arm Kevin doesn't like
Eva but he doesn't tell the truth to the
dad and lies about how he broke his arm
holding leverage over her which allows
him to do whatever he wants and
antagonize Eva further then even gets
pregnant with the daughter from the
beginning but Kevin doesn't like her
then we see that Kevin got sincere and
oddly starts to warm up to Eva's since
she's saying sorry and because they were
comfortable around her but in turn
starts antagonized to father back in the
present Eva gets are not gonna door by
some religious members asking if she
knows where she'll end up after death
she'd oppressively replies that she will
end up in Hell where she belongs
then back in the past who see that
Kevin's nice and this was just an
illusion and things switched back soon
after you see some more family dynamic
between Kevin and the little sister and
he talks back to her despite her respect
for him then if it catches Kevin beating
his meat and he doesn't stop beating
even when she looks he even turns
towards her back in the present he was
at a Christmas party one of her peers
asked her to dance but then when she
politely says a no he gets our
disrespectful cause they're a stuck-up
[ __ ] she leaves and sees another mother
and daughter outside reminding her of
ties with her daughter the to catch
Kevin looking at a poster until vanishes
like Harry Osborn in spider-man 3 Kevin
and Eva go to play some mini golf
then after stars rainy they go home and
they get ready to go to dinner at dinner
Kevin toss Eva antagonize her more the
two can't even have normal conversations
because of Kevin's hateful attitude Eva
searches Kevin's room and finds
seedy she goes to Playa but fun since i
hack attacked me by kevin she asked why
he asked the city and he says there is
no point that's why he knows right from
wrong but he doesn't care then at
Christmas Kevin gets a bow and arrow for
a prison you see the mom has concerns
about this we see that the daughter also
has got a hamster but the hamster goes
missing later on even makes up a story
to tell the daughter and to mom throws
food in the sink compactor thinking it
gets topped up and we see that this is
what a hamster is then off screen
something happens to the daughter in
which she has to get a glass eye evil
blames Kevin but the father keeps his
opposing opinion back in the prison as
evil ways to see her son a sad woman sis
Byron and Eva consoled her now we know
why the girl had an eyepatch in the
beginning we learned that the two
parents are getting divorced as Kevin
his own then later Kevin gets a package
in the mail we see he orders some bike
locks claiming that he was selling in
school finally we see the scene at the
beginning of the movie then we see the
school setting in which Kevin puts those
bike locks on doors locking people from
getting out he gets his bow and arrow
already then we see that the mother came
looking for Kevin she sees firefighters
could he know his bike locks then Kevin
walks out and surrenders to the police
the scores of people shouting anger and
sadness then bodies get dragged out as
Eva dips despite we see that Kevin shot
at people with his bow and arrow during
her gym period Eva makes it home looking
for the husband and daughter we see that
blinds close up again Eva walks towards
and finds the dead body of the husband
and the daughter as the sprinklers go
Eva walks away and we see all Kevin
committing his atrocity position-wise
and it comes back to the prison he even
starts to put order back in her life and
she goes to visit or freaked out Kevin
in jail it's been two years since the
shooting and he's about to be moved to
the adult prison she asked him to tell
her why he did it but we see his mind
begins to crumble and he doesn't know
why he did it a spite he thought he did
the movie answers time's up and she
gives him a hug that we wouldn't expect
him to accept then even leave sadly as
the screen goes white but I was a pretty
disturbing film guys it's sad to see
that shootings like this are becoming so
commonplace in today's society but we
don't usually put ourselves in the shoes
with appearance of the killer anyway
enough about Kevin we need to talk about
that spooky stuff
I think there are a lot of bias that
makes people think that school shooters
must have bad parents but we can
obviously see that Eva was a caring mom
and it was a loving family some things
are just mentally unsalvageable and a
terrace house despite their bring ups
certain factors like genetics and add to
that then once to start woman goes to
when Eva found the bodies of the husband
and the daughter not only did she find
out her son killed many innocent kids
she found out that her entire family had
been destroyed not a good sight the
Wolves enjoyed woman goes to an eva
through ten if Kevin was black he would
get that as beat everyday and that's it
this will be released in 2011 sent near
that Batman stop Hugo Strange in Arkham
City and a director Lian Ramsey used a
book written by Lyons River thanks for
watching we need to talk to Kevin with
me this has been a breakdown this watch
this breakdown on we need to talk to
Kevin if you do make sure you subscribe
and stay tuned for some new videos also
check out some of those old videos we
got a lot of interesting movies in a
different disturbing breakdown playlist
anyway spooky out